[Rewrite] Function Wikis - #3 (#205)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/bdscript/tts.md

# $tts

> Enables Text-to-Speech (TTS) functionality to bot response message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enables Text-to-Speech (TTS) functionality on the bot's response message.
```

> 📌 [TTS](https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/212517297-Text-to-Speech-101#:~:text=User%20Settings%20%2D%3E%20Notifications%20%2D%3E%20Text%2Dto%2DSpeech&text=For%20all%20channels%3A%20This%20setting,if%20you%20have%20this%20enabled) feature is currently supported only in Discord Desktop and Webapp.

## Syntax
```
$tts
```

### Permissions

> Required permission which the bot must have for this function to work properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Required permissions that the bot must have for this function to work properly :
```
